feat: add `Config.smart_union` option (#2092)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: docs/usage/model_config.md

{!.tmp_examples/model_config_alias_precedence.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

## Smart Union

> By default, if you set a `Union` type for a field, _pydantic_ tries to validate (and coerce if it can) in the order of the union,
> which can be unexpected in some cases

Reviewer: Is it worth adding the warning here from #2839, because python treats unions as singletons so the first definition anywhere in the import chain is what is used and makes that behaviour even more unexpected
so something like

```suggestion

By default, if you set a `Union` type for a field, _pydantic_ tries to validate (and coerce if it can) in the order of the union.

!!! warning
    `typing.Unions` also ignore order when they are [defined](https://docs.python.org/3/library/typing.html#typing.Union),
    so `Union[int, float] == Union[float, int]` which can lead to unexpected behaviour when combined with matching based on the `Union` type order.
    Please note that this can also be affected by third party libraries and their internal type definitions and the import orders.
```

{!.tmp_examples/model_config_alias_precedence.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

## Smart Union

By default, as explained [here](types.md#unions), _pydantic_ tries to validate (and coerce if it can) in the order of the `Union`.
So sometimes you may have unexpected coerced data.

```py
{!.tmp_examples/model_config_smart_union_off.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

To prevent this, you can enable `Config.smart_union`. _Pydantic_ will then check all allowed types before even trying to coerce.
Know that this is of course slower, especially if your `Union` is quite big.

```py
{!.tmp_examples/model_config_smart_union_on.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

!!! warning

> Note that this option **does not support compound types yet** (e.g. differentiate `List[int]` and `List[str]`).

Reviewer 2: I think this is supposed to be the warning text, so should be indented, see [here](https://smokeshow.helpmanual.io/373p4j603c2v6f615z0y/usage/model_config/#smart-union):

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4039449/144746982-b2ac9ae2-ebc4-4771-89f3-3bfa0cd2e653.png)
